== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
We hire only the very best and our recruitment process starts with a coding test. 

Here’s your coding test. Please send us back both the application url and code urls.

#############################################
# Create a rails application “magazine” to display Articles. 
# - A magazine has many articles.
# - An article has a title, body and author
# - Put a form to create comments on the article#show page
# - Users can comment on articles.
# - Users should be able to reply to existing comments
# - Display all comments on the article#show page
# - Comments will be displayed in nested format, like on this pagehttp://railscasts.com/episodes/417-foundation?view=comments
# - Users should be able to delete their own comments, only if there are no nested comments under the comment.
# - Don’t use any gem for comments model, or for nesting of comments.
# - Host the app on Heroku/AWS/Azure/Google for free and share the link.
# - Host the source code on github/bitbucket and share the source code link.
#############################################

Thanks